doc: specify the expected format for tags (#22)
DataDog/junit-upload-github-action: README.md

| `files` | Path to file or folder containing XML files to upload | True | `.` |
| `concurrency` | Controls the maximum number of concurrent file uploads | True | `20` |
| `node-version` | The node version to use to install the datadog-ci. It must be `>=14` | True | `20` |

> | `tags` | Optional extra tags to add to the tests formmatted as a comma separated list of tags. | False | |

Author: ```suggestion
| `tags` | Optional extra tags to add to the tests formatted as a comma separated list of tags. Example: `foo=bar,data=dog` | False | |
```
